Here we are guys! The DevFest Pisa 0.1 is really close 😱 We are really excited to see you soon. But first, let us share a list of **FAQs** ⁉️ that we received in the last days. We hope this is helpful for everyone.

## Do I need a ticket to join DevFest Pisa❓

Yes, participation to the DevFest is **free**, but registration is **mandatory**. Being in the waiting list is not sufficient to participate to the conference.

## I can't attend the DevFest, what should I do❓

If you **can't attend** we kindly ask you to **cancel your order** via Eventbrite, or either send us an email (we can do it for you). The event is currently Sold-out and we have a lot of people in the waiting list. You will free-up a spot for someone else :)

## Do I need to print my tickets❓

No, you can use the [Eventbrite app](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.eventbrite.attendee) to show us the ticket. Showing the ticket email with the QR code is also enough. Please make sure to have your ticket ready to do not slow down the check-in process.

## Should I come even if I'm still on the waiting list❓

You can come even if you're in the waiting list, but we can't assure you will get a spot :( We will release tickets of people that don't show up during day so you may have a chance to get in, but this is out of our control, and we can't tell you in advance if you'll get a place.

## Can I give my ticket to someone else❓

Yes, but you need to tell us about this, and we will take care of voiding your tickets and emitting a new one to your friend/relative.

## Can I leave the conference and come back later❓

Yes, you can always leave the conference and come back whenever you want. To enter the venue you anyway always need your **badge** (you will get it at the entrance).

## I have the codelab ticket but I don't have the DevFest ticket? Can I participate to the codelab only❓

No, as written in the codelab description, you need a DevFest ticket to join all the sessions (either talks or codelabs).

## What should I carry on to the conference❓

**Your ticket**. That's the only necessary thing you shouldn't forget. If you're attending one of our Codelabs, the speakers will let you know if you need to carry on your laptop or not. 

## Will I get food/lunch at the DevFest❓

Yes, we are offering a **small lunch** (beware, not a full lunch) and two coffee breaks. You can find a lot of nice restaurants in [via San Lorenzo](https://goo.gl/maps/Ck5a5kBA1EF2), just a few minutes walk from the venue.

## Are you giving away any gadgets/awards❓

Yes, we have some swags for all the participants + some giveaways to give as a raffle. All the details at the opening ceremony (9:30 am).

## Are the sessions recorded❓

No, we are not recording/live-streaming the sessions.

## What is the Job Wall❓

The job wall is a pin board where you're free to post your job openings. Rules for the Job wall are here: [Introducing the Job Wall](/blog/posts/introducing-our-job-wall/).

## What is the Beer Party❓

The beer party is a party event we organized for the DevFest Pisa attendees. You're all invited. It will start at 19:30 at "Lo Spaventapasseri", all the details are here: [Don't miss our Beer Networking afterparty!](http://devfest.gdgpisa.it/blog/posts/dont-miss-the-beer-party/)

Do you have other questions? Feel free to [contact us!](mailto:pisagdg+devfest@gmail.com).

Do you like our DevFest? Then please share it with the **social buttons** just a few lines below ❤️

See you at DevFest Pisa 0.1!
